huh? Preparing for a tough situation or even a stressful situation? It
could be. You could even be an inspection that's come up. You don't
prepare for that mission or that inspection while it's right before
it's happening. So it's a mindset. So you prepare, just like you would
prepare them for, say, a football game. Or for a baseball game,
you have to encourage them. You have to motivate them. You have to be
positive. You have to. You have to be that be the one motivating factor
behind the team. So you encourage them by, you know, being there.
I'm a very vocal and boisterous person. So my thing, Woz too yelled
and screen. You know, if we're about to start a revolution and say
an inspection is about to happen and I'm out there, I'm yelling.
I'm screaming. I'm encouraging my team. I'm letting them know that Lieutenant
Thomas is behind. You were there. Whether we win, lose, fail,
we're going to do it together. And I think just having that that
backing that support says a lot, So just be, be there, be there to
encourage and just let him know you're you're you're their support system
that you got